welcome ladies and gentlemen we are new again
cambuur motor for me is the last one
to the last two girls from
December nerd to do windows and how
I want to do it is just like mark
the young this is deal is just suggestions
come in remarks or short list of
and them this just like that transfer fee
with you had the mini of the
removed from the shortlist
and then people just let what they see
loved it and I think so too
in that way it also makes a difference
those little screens against in between
and just see it all at once
will be the last matches I go on
filters should i go all want in between
do because it's fun, you know you
stuff even easier is purely good
matches through the stays in a good one
form in which they can take more money faster
make efset put and then make
it just nicer and wooden through
interesting
I take for both you and for you
me and that's the most important thing about it
this try motion of first game
surprise nickel against groningen
easy close groningen 112 minutes
I'll be loved in the first grade
two chance of the match so I broke
easily add those chronic
defenses
so really not normal i speak i play
this match in a 442
with such a diamond in midfield in time
and know twiter in the English term there
today
and that went to surprisingly good like that
i use i pull the counter and that
really works so well that really fantastic
I had so few words for all the time
click ball take now also right mulu
man narsingh
and this is really one of the seeks de
scripts that I have drawn in this
year or four five pants look how
he pulls hard machine wing
explains because their gestures here on any score
then of course captain demanded you too
nowadays i have a first you have to
to adjust really fascinates me
few
but this is of course a delicious one
rest and assist of narsingh on earth
ryon
and they stand another three and that is
in the first half all that gives
from little to how easy I am talking about
indians had been broken and you
wanted I actually wanted a heel
here it does n't work but you by the way
just know what goes in such a situation
happen that automatically becomes i40 and me
wants to do that by the way not even about the
gameplay i wanted to talk about psv yesterday
I have psv the healthy worthy there
is watching
and i must honestly say as an ajacied
do not add a photo of here
for some
I quickly psv in times not so good
considering the pye and bakkali where real
fantastic just like the mickey mouse ears
snap really good or the complete that not
normal
kind did not have much to do so
I don't have a god to say about that
But just defense PPP blood pressure
at bottom and mattress
basically everyone should have scored
of course had in the first half on
Rome to be honest then
is said but not cool of the pyes
really from absolute class that is real
fantastic to see
great though from out of nowhere
exactly on psv and she needed them
had been around as long as we had to deal with
awesome is a great opportunity with another
mr chance
Bakkali played very fresh down sets
the second or even less a being that
can of course the 17 by bit that
moment endurance of that kind
things but they both show a lot
potency is what the very strong and i think
not a playful champion this year
is becoming
I think the team for that too
is young and therefore not yet too
Being able to perform consistently is certainly not
shame of course where i do like this
team on lk come in and then bad
young had been together for so long
able to remain individually well able
grow and work on each other than me
see the year after that best for contender
for the title
and that can be seen of course
what that makes it more exciting
for every fierce for mumps and to go to the
Premier League
so hopefully they can psv next week
finish the job and we have two
dutch clubs in the chompy sleek and
it also became only too favorable
wrist so they might both be 9 for it
furthermore, good ship in europe
joker by psb and the brochure almost
never say because it was just real
it looks really tight
which is said to be for the language
extremely weak zalegem waregem 'like this
team on a walk to champion shoe
in Belgium than to Belgian football
really a joke to make this look so embarrassing
his showed really ridiculous
brother of that gaza this can not
go matter well i don't know where that you are
wasted but I have him number
considering it is really very bad but good
PC and of course all compliments good
performance and next week just go
and I finish it in this one
match it's really that easy here
and everywhere that could be half and bakkali
delicious of course
he is also a meeting place grown faith
I might be in next time
shot report to
you can see it all
well this or winter the mucus comes alave
between players behind that is maybe
can buy or
players you can trade for paul
players as you enter the correct responses
Someone chips him so I know which one we have
players with them like to see them
makes it easy for me and then go
I do it as I start from
finish explained transl
when falls thanks for watching
leave a like and subscribe
don't stop and I'll see you
I think again or so much tomorrow
different about tomorrow